[DOCS] [DO NOT MERGE] Docs for CLI release (#3920)
pwa-builder/PWABuilder: docs/starter/quick-start.md

# PWA Starter Quick Start

> You can started with the PWA Starter by using the PWABuilder CLI, which allows you to create a fresh, templated progressive web app projects in just moments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start with the PWA Starter by using the PWABuilder CLI, which allows you to create a fresh, templated progressive web app (PWA) project in just few seconds.
```

There are just a couple things you will need before getting started:

- A code editor, such as [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
- [Node.js and npm](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/nodejs-on-windows)

> ## Installing the CLI

Reviewer: Should we add something about running the cli without installing it, like with npx?

If you have [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) already, you can install the PWABuilder CLI for global usage with this command:

```
npm install -g @pwabuilder/cli
```

?> **Note** The `-g` flag installs the CLI globally, so that you can use it from anywhere. If you only want the CLI to be accessible from your project directory, run the same command without the `-g` flag.

Once you have installed the CLI, you can use it to create a new progressive web app.

## Start a New App

To start a new app using the CLI:

1. Run the `create` command:

```
pwa create
```

2. Enter a name for your progressive web app:

<div class="docs-image">
    <img src="assets/starter/quick-start/enter-name-cli.png" alt="Image of prompt for create command in the PWABuilder CLI">

> </div>

Reviewer: Simplify these steps into one by specifying the name of the app
